Formulate the Null hypothesis in words and in formulae for the 4 experiments below:
* Do diets help lose more fat than the exercise?

*Experimental setup: you have a test and a control sample.

Idea: Diets help lose more fat than the exercise.

Null Hypothesis:  The average weight loss for people who keep diets(test )is less than or equal to that for people who exercise(control). 

Loss(test)<= Loss(control)

* Do American trust the president?
* POLL RESULTS: On May 16, 1994, Newsweek reported the results of a public opinion poll that asked: “From everything you know about Bill Clinton, does he have the honesty and integrity you expect in a president?” (p. 23). Poll surveyed 518 adults and 233, or 0.45 of them answered yes.

Idea: American trust Bill Clinton have the the honesty and integrity to be a president.

Null Hypothesis: The ratio of people who trust Bill Clinton to be a president is larger than or equal to 50%

Ratio(trust Clinton)>=0.5



* Effectiveness of nicotine patches to quit smoking.
* Experimental setup: measure cessation rates for smokers randomly assigned to use a nicotine patch versus a placebo patch.

Idea: Nicotine helps quit smoking.

Null Hypothesis: The number of people who quit smoking after using nicotine patch is less than or equal to those using placebo patch

Num(using nicotine)<=Num(using placebo)


* Quantify the danger of smoking for pregnant women.
* Experimemtal setup: measure IQ of children at ages 1, 2, 3, and 4 years of age.

Idea: Smoking during pregnant reduces the IQ of children.

The average measured IQ of children at ages 1,2,3,4 of smoking women is higher than children of non-smoking women..

IQ(smoking) > IQ(non-smoking)

